A text editor is the most important tool for a software developer. It is like a painters paint brush.
Vim is the most powerful and programable text editor, learning vim will synergistically improve your linux skills.
And put you in position to be one of the worlds greatest software developers.

SHOW: commnad line vimtutor command execution
Vimtutor is a tutorial that comes with vim.

To become a great vim user you need to complete this tutorial several times.

Although you do not need to do every lesson in the tutorial, you should seek out the ones that you find interesting and do those exercises.


SHOW: set number command execution
SHOW: /Lesson execution
SHOW: Ctrl+D and Ctrl+U command execution
SHOW: Ctrl+E and Ctrl+Y command execution
SHOW: :<line number> command execution
SHOW: G command execution

I recommend that you turn on the number line by typing :set number.

This way when you find an exercise you like you can write down the line number and come back to it later.

You may want to use the forward slash / to search for the word Lesson to find the lessons that you like.

I recommend that you scroll using Ctrl+D to go down and Ctrl+U to go up.

Or if you want a smooth scroll use Ctrl+E to go down and Ctrl+Y to go up.


By typing the line number into the vim command line
Or using the G command to go to a specific line number.

Vim is a corner stone of software development. And you will naturally want to become a master of it.
If you get bored of the tutorial, you can always come back to it later.

A reccomend repeating vimtutor frequently and intermitently until you are satisfied with your vim skills.

SHOW: vimtutor speed run primagen  
SHOW: vimtutor speed run brodie robertson

Some people have even recorded themselves doing the vimtutor tutorial as fast as possible.
Declaring they have done the fastest vimtutor speedrun in the world.
If you like to have fun you can work your way up to the fastest time and challenge the world record.

I also recommend that you create your own vim drills when you discover vim features that you like, which are not covered in the tutorial.


