Welcome to Software Engineering 100
I will now give you a course overview
In SE 10 you will learn  how to use the Linux or Linux like command line at a professional level.
SHOW: WELCOME TO SE 100
SE 100

There's one strong rule and one flexible rule in this course.

The strong rule is to learn the material as fast as you can and to the best of your ability, using any strategy that suits you.
That means focus on the material that will make you a better programmer, and skip over anything that bores you or you don't think is useful.

The flexible rule is that to complete the course you must meet with me for a technical interview so that I can confirm that you can perform each task you need to know to move to the next course.
No worries, If you fail, I will give you some advice on how to improve and you can retake the technical interview.

The flexible rule is flexible because I leave it up to you to decide when to move to the next course and you may want to move to the next course first and then circle back for the assessment.

SHOW: DESKTOP APP CLIP
The first part of teh course is the gamified desktop app.
The desktop app is a mario like game that will teach you how to use the command line to build applications.

The Desktop App is important because it will teach you through drills to use your own computers command line to build applications.


SHOW: vimtutor clip
Vimtutor speed runs will improve your ability to use the vim text editor the most powerful text editor in the world and the most important tool.

The projects will teach you how to use the git version control system to manage your command line tooling.
You will put your shell script programs, and your dotfiles under version control in a git repository.
You will also be given some advice, and strategies on how to extend or reprogram your shell to make it more powerful.
Including how to make a new bin.
And how to use or develop vim plugins.



SHOW: KEY POINTS EXPANDABLE

The technical interview will cover the key points of the course that are listed along side the course.
You may be asked to explain concepts in your own words, and perform programming tasks to prove your understanding.

Once you pass the technical interview you will receive a certificate of completion and be able to move to the next course.

You will be asked to complete some work before retaking the technical interview if you fail.
