SHOW: OPEN AI WEBSITE
When a question arises in your mind you want to be able to find the answer as quickly as possible. 
And then secure the answer in your memory if it is important.
The fastest way to get new information is to use an OpenAI chat.
OpenAI is very good at teaching.
And can act as a tutor for you.
Although it is not perfect, and can make mistakes, it has some qualities that make it a better teacher than a human.
So I highly recommend interacting with OpenAI when you have a question.
In a future courses we will add AI to our text editor and our terminal. 
For now you can use the OpenAI website to ask questions and get answers.


SHOW: Stack Overflow
Stack overflow is a website where you can ask questions and get answers from other people.
It is likely that someone else has already asked the question you have.
And you will be able to find the answer to your question using a google search and adding the words stack overflow to the end of your question.


SHOW: Books and Documentation
Sometimes the question you are looking for might be answered in the documentaion of the tool you are using.
You can use a variety of shortcuts to quickly access the documentation of a tool

For vim use the command :help followed by the topic you are interested in.
SHOW: :help
When you install a new vim plugin you can use the :help command to learn how to use it.
:help 
For example to see the documentation for the commentary plugin you can use the command :help commentary
SHOW: :help commentary
the documentation is stored in the doc folder of the vim plugin, and vim will automatically know it is there.

For zsh use the man command followed by the topic you are interested in.
SHOW: man zsh

For git use the git help command followed by the topic you are interested in.
SHOW: git help

Many commmand line tools have a --help option that will show you the documentation for that tool.

──────────────
Sometimes a tools documenation is too long ad disorganized, in that case you can use a book to learn the tool.
I have listed some useful books in the Reference Material section of the course.
SHOW: reference material section of the course


